[CELEBORN-1207] SBT http repository documentation (#2201)
apache/incubator-celeborn: docs/developers/sbt.md

  mavenLocal: file://${user.home}/.m2/repository/
  private: ${celeborn.sbt.default.artifact.repository-file:///dev/null}
  private-central: https://example.com/repository/maven/
  private-central-http: http://example.com/repository/maven/, allowInsecureProtocol
```

> If you need to use the http protocol repository, you should add `allowInsecureProtocol`, otherwise an error will be reported (`insecure HTTP request is unsupported`), please refer to the [sbt Launcher Configuration](https://www.scala-sbt.org/1.x/docs/Launcher-Configuration.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`allowInsecureProtocol` is required if you want to use a repository which only supports HTTP protocol but not HTTPS, otherwise, an error will be raised (`insecure HTTP request is unsupported`), please refer to the [sbt Launcher Configuration](https://www.scala-sbt.org/1.x/docs/Launcher-Configuration.html).
```
